Update upgrade docs with license key info (#19125)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/_includes/common/upgrade-cockroach-version-license-limitations.md

To perform major version upgrades, you must have [a valid license key]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/licensing-faqs.md %}#obtain-a-license).

Patch version upgrades can be performed without a valid license key, with the following limitations:

> - The cluster will run without limitations for a 30 day grace period. During that time, alerts are displayed that the cluster needs [a valid license key]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/licensing-faqs.md %}#set-a-license).

Reviewer: This could become a source of confusion in the future: the 30-day grace period applies only to clusters that existed before the core license deprecation. New clusters created on builds with the updated licensing will have a 7-day grace period. For example, if a cluster is created on version 25.1.0 and later upgraded to 25.1.1, it will still only have the 7-day grace period.

> - The cluster will run without limitations for a specified grace period. During that time, alerts are displayed that the cluster needs a valid license key. For more information, see the [Licensing FAQs]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/licensing-faqs.md %}).

Author: changed to "refer to"

"specified" refers to that which is specified by the alerts that are displayed (which are explained in detail in the linked Licensing FAQs).

Based on convo with @spilchen my previous specific day number was going to create confusion because the # of days is different depending on whether you are upgrading from an earlier Core release vs. a new post-CSL release.  That logic branch is hard to describe properly here and would also duplicate the already existing description in the updated Licensing FAQs page.

it's ... not my fave, but a lot of this licensing/throttling language is pretty tortured and IMO a lot of it boils down to "just keep your license up to date yo" but i'm just a caveman, this modern world frightens and confuses me 🤷

> - The cluster is [throttled]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/licensing-faqs.md %}#throttling) at the end of the grace period if no [valid license key is added to the cluster]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/licensing-faqs.md %}#set-a-license) before then.

Author: rebased! should fix it 🤞

> If you have an **Enterprise Free** or **Enterprise Trial** license, you must enable telemetry using the [`diagnostics.reporting.enabled`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/cluster-settings.md %}#setting-diagnostics-reporting-enabled) cluster setting as shown below in order to finalize a major version upgrade:

Reviewer: Yes, that’s correct. Upgrade finalization is blocked if telemetry isn’t enabled with a free or trial license.

> If you have an **Enterprise Free** or **Enterprise Trial** license, you must enable telemetry using the [`diagnostics.reporting.enabled`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/cluster-settings.md %}#setting-diagnostics-reporting-enabled) cluster setting as shown below in order to finalize a major version upgrade:

Author: ✅

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~ sql
SET CLUSTER SETTING diagnostics.reporting.enabled = true;
~~~

> If a cluster with an **Enterprise Free** or **Enterprise Trial** license is upgraded across patch versions and does not meet telemetry requirements:

Reviewer 2: @spilchen same comment as above. Can you confirm that this is the behavior for telemetry when upgrading with a Enterprise Free or Trial license key? I think yes, but making sure.

Reviewer: That’s correct, but throttling due to no telemetry won’t happen right away. The cluster will have 7 days to send telemetry before throttling begins. This is because the clock tracking the last telemetry timestamp isn’t persisted, so it starts fresh each time the cluster starts.

Author: I think this is covered in the doc by the bullet immediately following that says:

> - The cluster will run without limitations for a 7 day grace period. During that time, alerts are displayed that the cluster needs to send telemetry.

> - The cluster will run without limitations for a 7 day grace period. During that time, alerts are displayed that the cluster needs to send telemetry.

Author: ✅

- The cluster is [throttled]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/licensing-faqs.md %}#throttling) if telemetry is not received before the end of the grace period.

> For more information, see the [Licensing FAQs]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/licensing-faqs.md %}).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to the [Licensing FAQs]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/licensing-faqs.md %}).
```

Author: ✅
